hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
so a few weeks ago I did a video
comparing some ultra books this week's
video is the same concept but we're
comparing 15-inch gaming laptops and
these are all budget options so they're
all around $1000 and yes there are
cheaper options out there but these are
the ones that I picked for like best
overall value in a gaming laptop another
thing to keep in mind they're all
running a gtx 960m and there are cards
that are cheaper and weaker that can
still play games but to me the 960m is
like the minimum card that a new laptop
can have right now for me to classify it
as a true gaming laptop all right let's
do this okay first up is the msi ge62 it
weighs 2.4 kilograms has a metal top
surface but as plastic paneling on the
bottom next we have the Lenovo Y 700 2.6
kilograms is the only device with metal
top and bottom panels and has a cool
pattern on those panels the Dell
Inspiron 7:59 2.7 kilos it's a pretty
heavy laptop but it has a beefy battery
pack in there and it's got a soft touch
finish on the surface next up is the
Asus GL 5 v 2 so it's 2 point 5
kilograms metal top surface and a
plastic finish everywhere else
it's like a smooth plastic not soft
touch lastly the Acer V 15 nitro comes
in at 2.3 kilograms
it's the lightest and thinnest of the
group and it's the only one that doesn't
have red accent colors so like last time
I'm going to go through some categories
and then give you my top pick and a
runner upper - all right even if you're
buying a relatively inexpensive laptop
it has to last so if it's in case in
like really poor quality materials it's
going to bug me like there's a 15-inch
laptop from cleveo I wanted to include
it because it's got great specs for the
price but because of overall build
quality it didn't make the cut till the
Nova Y 700 has a metal body but I don't
love that hinge design it's had issues
in the past so the best build quality
I'd say is the Asus GL 5 v 2 it's a mix
of metal and plastic for the casing but
the hinge construction and the finish is
really good the msi ge62 is also
really well but again all the devices
here have really great build quality for
the price now all of these are
upgradable they all have upgradeable RAM
m2 storage and a two and a half inch
storage the easiest to upgrade is the
Dell seven five five nine single screw
and it's easy to open the rest are also
really easy to open but with a couple
more screws the MSI has the sticker that
makes you think twice about opening it
up but yellow right now I've actually
heard that MSI should be cool with
people opening it up for upgrades but
I'm not a hundred percent the hardest to
upgrade is the acer v 15 nitro so it's a
little bit of a delicate process to get
to the ram but it can still be done none
of these have amazing displays but they
all have very respectable 1080p panels
for the price for playing games I
actually like the Y 700 panel the most
so the color accuracy is kind of poor
but the contrast and black levels are
fantastic with no visible light bleed
and when I'm playing games that's what's
most important to me I don't really care
for a perfect color rendition I just
want to be able to see my enemies in the
dark as clearly as possible lenovo has
this anti-glare film that you can remove
I've removed one before I actually
prefer leaving it on the second-best
screen goes to the MSI great color
accuracy also with good contrast and
black levels but there's a hint of light
believe in the top corners the best
sounding speakers are on the Y 700 clear
speakers well positioned and it has a
sub that gives some nice base I also
like the Acer V 15 there's no sub on
that one but they get loud and that
remains clear even out loud volumes the
Asus GL 5 v 2 also sounds really nice
and they're well positioned so all of
these keyboards have number pads which
will shift your sensor positioning but
you'll get used to it
they all have backlighting to some
degree and they're all decent keyboards
like none of them feel super mushy or
anything but the msi keyboard is a clear
winner for me good keystroke nice and
responsive I just wish the lay was a
little better like the arrow keys feel a
little off but the typing experience is
the best of the bunch
also the backlighting on this is RGB so
you can choose your color in three
different zones runner-up the ACS GL 5 v
2 is also a really good keyboard alright
I don't love any of these track pads
they don't have particularly smooth
tracking
they all have plastic surfaces and the
button mechanics aren't great I wasted a
lot of time trying to choose a winner
here but really they're all like great
be trackpads they're usable in a pinch
but we play games with my straight so
it's cool the del 759 has a quad core i5
while the other four have quad core i7 I
can hyper thread if you're just playing
games I mean depending on the game
you'll likely be good with just the i5
but if you plan on doing things like
video editing or CAD work or running VMs
then that's a different story
get the i7 and they're all running a gtx
960m
so gaming performance is very similar
amongst them you'll comfortably hit 60
frames per second on high graphics for
moderate and light titles but really
demanding titles will need reduced
graphics settings to hit 60 frames per
second bottom line these all perform
well and they're very capable of playing
modern games they also put out similar
noise levels at idle are nice and quiet
but when they're under load or playing
games the Dacey's GL 5 v 2 was a little
quieter than the rest but there's no
real runner-up the rest of them put out
similar noise levels and they aren't
annoyingly loud or anything now it's
really important for a gaming laptop to
be cooled properly and after a full hour
of prime 95 the fans are all spinning
and the room was pretty warm but none of
them had throttled down much which is
really nice to see these laptops do a
great job on cooling their components in
regards to value the runner-up prize
goes to Lenovo Y 700 it's packed with a
lot of tech and since lenovo has some
big sales once in a while you can bag it
for a good price but the best value
crown goes to the Dell 759 at $800
expect with a quad core i5 and an SSD so
the eye-fi can be upgraded to an i7 for
a hundred bucks if you want to but the
reason why I give Dell the value award
is the fact that you can upgrade it if
you want but if you have a tighter
budget you can still get a really strong
gaming platform for $800 every other
manufacturer starts their base model at
a higher configuration and a higher
price but it may have components you may
not need for your games like 16 gigs of
ram battery life for gaming laptops tend
to be really short there's just a lot of
juice being used by the components the
longest battery award goes to the Dell
759 it's a big battery 74 watt hours and
it's a core i5 so power draw
a little less you'll get around five to
six hours of regular use and two hours
of playing games in second place is the
Lenovo Y 760 watt hour battery and
you'll get around three to four hours of
regular use and around one and a half
hours of playing games now battery life
is one of those things that some gamers
don't care about at all but it's
definitely something that I take into
consideration as for my top pick amongst
these five keep in mind that none of
these were engineered to be like the
best gaming laptop
they weren't even engineered to be like
the best amongst their competitors they
were made to get gamers into mobile
gaming setups at an affordable price and
they all do a really good job at that
but because of their pricing they all
have their weaknesses so when you're
choosing one it basically boils down to
what feature you're comfortable letting
slide so for me personally I love the
screen on the Y 700 but if I had to
choose one for like just my personal
gaming laptop it either be the Dell 755
9 because of the bigger battery life or
the msi ge62 because of the keyboard and
the overall build but seriously you
can't go wrong with any of these they're
really great laptops for their price
that's the end of this video hope you
guys liked it thumbs if you liked it
subs have you loved it it's been nice
I'll see you guys next time